[CES-203] Added new module for retrieve of common values (#1243)
pagopa/io-infra: src/_modules/common_values/README.md

# Retrieve Common Values

## Description

> This Terraform module does not require any input and provides some outputs containg common information for whole io-infra repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Terraform module does not require any input and provides some outputs containg common information for whole `io-infra` repository.
```

To update the module with new information add into the outputs.tf
```hcl
output "some_resource_name" {
  description = <<EOF
  WHAT: short description about what this value is for
  HOW: short description about how this value will be used (optional)
  EOF

  value = "example_value"
}
```

## Usage

> To use this module, include it in your Terraform configuration and access the outputs to retrieve the informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the module in your Terraform configuration and access the outputs to retrieve the information.
```
